Objective: Orchestrate Containers with ECS. ECS Setup.

1. Create Cluster: ECSDemo
2. Select t2.micro as instance type with number of instances set to 1
3. It uses ECS optimized AMI
4. Behind the scenes, it is creating an autoscaling group and this 
is the launch configuration used by the ASG.
5. Create new Security Group with http port 80 access
6. It will also create an EC2 Instance Role named ecsInstanceRole
that will grant necessary privileges for container agent to talk to ECS
7. Click "create"
8. Behind the scenes, it uses cloudformation to create the required resources
9. Create Task definition "TaskDemo"
10. Leave the network mode as "bridge" -> locally running 
containers connect to the same bridge network  are able to talk 
to each other using ip address
Reference: https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/networking/
11. Add Container "helloWorldContainer"
12. Specify image.  If you are using docker repository,
specify the image name as:
<username>/<repository>:tag
demolearn/friendlyhello:version1
13. 100MB as memory limit
14. Port Mappings do a static mapping:
    80 (host)
    80 (container port)
15. Add the container definition
16. Click "Create" to add task definition
17. Manually run 1 task
18. Open container that is running and visit the url
19. If you attempt to run another instance now, since the host port 80 is already taken,
you will get an error
20. Create a new version of the task.
21. This time, specify host port as 0 in the container definition
22. Now we have two versions of the task.
23. Run the 2nd version of the task.
24. Since ephemeral ports are used, a different host port is used by the container
25. Open up security group to allow all TCP Port access for this demolearn/friendlyhello
26. Now run one more task using version 2 of the task definition
27. What this now allows you is that you don't have to worry about host port conflicts
when multiple teams are working on different containers. you don't have to coordinate
port usage
28. Now the challenge is how are clients going to know the port to use? that we will
cover in the next lecture.
29. Remove the all ports permission in the security group.
30. Stop the task

